<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">

<ui:composition template="../templates/newTemplateHome.xhtml">

	<ui:define name="header-title">Accueil
</ui:define>
	<ui:define name="content">
		<div class="col-lg-12 col-md-12 col-sm-12 col-xs-12"
			style="width: 100%; background:#ADFFBC">
			<div class="col-lg-push-1 col-lg-10">
				<center>
					<iframe class="col-lg-12 col-md-12 col-sm-12 col-xs-12"
						width="auto" height="500"
						src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/OI-bTpbkH4Y?feature=player_detailpage"
						frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="false"></iframe>
				</center>
			</div>
		</div>
		<div class="container">
			<div class="col-md-8">
				<h2>Kickstarter is for creative projects.</h2>
				<p>We host projects from the worlds of Art, Comics, Crafts,
					Dance, Design, Fashion, Film and Video, Food, Games, Journalism,
					Music, Photography, Publishing, Technology, and Theater. We built
					Kickstarter to serve creative projects and the artists, designers,
					and creative people who make them.</p>
				<h2>All-or-nothing funding works.</h2>
				<p>All-or-nothing funding protects creators from being stuck
					with a fraction of the funds they need and an audience expecting
					fully funded results. By minimizing risk, it also makes backers
					more likely to pledge. Incredibly, nearly half of all projects on
					Kickstarter have been successfully funded (84,037 so far!). No
					other funding method comes close.</p>
				<h2>People love backing projects.</h2>
				<p>Everyone loves being a part of creating something new.
					Millions of people have jumped in to support creators on
					Kickstarter. They’ve gotten some great rewards, and a unique look
					into the creator’s process in return. It’s about more than money.
					It’s people making something together.</p>

			</div>
			<div class="col-md-4">
				<h2>8.5 million people</h2>
				<p>have backed a Kickstarter project</p>
				<h2>2.6 million people</h2>
				<p>have backed more than one project</p>
				<h2>309 thousand people</h2>
				<p>have backed ten or more projects</p>
			</div>
		</div>

	</ui:define>
</ui:composition>
</html>
